_entries/0900_installationkey.md, before:

---
sectionclass: h2
sectionid: installationkey
parent-id: documentation
number: 900
title: Authenticate Installation Key
---
>**Classic:**  
**Click** the **+** on the top right of the SalesForce navigation.

![Click the Plus]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/900/click_the_plus.png)  

>Under **All Tabs** scroll down and **Click** the **[Provider] Install** link.

![Click Datarista Install]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/900/click_datarista_install.png)

>**Lightning:**  
**Click** the App Launcher icon on the top left of the menu bar.  
**Click** the **Data App** link.

![Click the Plus]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/900/1.9install.jpg)  

>Enter the **installation key** from the order email.  
**Click** the **Save** button.

![Enter Install Key]({{ site.baseurl}}/img/900/install_key_save.png)

>You should receive an "Authentication Successful" message. If not, check your install key.

![Auth Success]({{ site.baseurl}}/img/900/auth_successful.png)

>Close the Authentication successful tab, return to Salesforce.

Commit message:

[PL-1481] Update language surrounding the install key (#28)
* install key language

_entries/0900_installationkey.md, after:

---
sectionclass: h2
sectionid: installationkey
parent-id: documentation
number: 900
title: Authenticate Installation Key
---
>The Salesforce user that enters the install key and authenticates is the one used for Salesforce API access.  
As a result, all records created or modified by the integration will be **created or modified by the user who authenticates the installation key**.   
{:.alert}

>**Classic:**  
**Click** the **+** on the top right of the SalesForce navigation.

![Click the Plus]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/900/click_the_plus.png)  

>Under **All Tabs** scroll down and **Click** the **[Provider] Install** link.

![Click Datarista Install]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/900/click_datarista_install.png)

>**Lightning:**  
**Click** the App Launcher icon on the top left of the menu bar.  
**Click** the **Data App** link.

![Click the Plus]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/900/1.9install.jpg)  

>Enter the **installation key** from the order email.  
**Click** the **Save** button.

![Enter Install Key]({{ site.baseurl}}/img/900/install_key_save.png)

>You should receive an "Authentication Successful" message. If not, check your install key.

![Auth Success]({{ site.baseurl}}/img/900/auth_successful.png)

>Close the Authentication successful tab, return to Salesforce.
