_entries/1100_customobjectlayout.md, before:

---
sectionclass: h2
sectionid: customobjectlayout
parent-id: documentation
number: 1100
title: Configure Custom Object Layouts
---

>Classic:  
**Type "objects"** into the quick find / search box. **Click** on the **Create** -> **Objects** link.
![Objects Quick Find]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/1100/search_for_objects.png)  
<br>
**Click** the **custom object** associated with the account (example: MCH_School)
![Click Custom Object]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/1100/click_custom_object.png)  
<br>
Scroll down to "Page Layouts", **click "Edit"** next to the only layout listed.
![Click Edit On Layout]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/1100/click_edit_page_layout.png)  

>Lightning:  
**Type** "object manager" into the quick find / search box.  
![Object Manager Quick Find]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/1000/1.10object_manager.jpg)  
**Click** the **custom object** associated with the account (example: MCH_ED_Account)  
**Click** Page Layouts in the menu.  **Click** **custom object** Layout link.   
![Page Layouts]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/1100/1.102custom_object.jpg)  

>Drag fields from the list to the layout below.  


>Any fields can be selected, however only fields the customer has licensed in their order will be populated.  
{:.alert}
>**Click Save**  

>Repeat these steps for any other custom objects, most likely Contact
{:.warning}

Commit message:

note that configuring custom object layouts is optional

_entries/1100_customobjectlayout.md, after:

---
sectionclass: h2
sectionid: customobjectlayout
parent-id: documentation
number: 1100
title: Configure Custom Object Layouts
---

>**Note:** The Salesforce package may already include a layout.  In this case, the step for configuring the custom object layouts has already been done for you.  If you want to further customize your layout by adding, removing, or rearranging fields, you can use the steps below as a guide.

>Classic:  
**Type "objects"** into the quick find / search box. **Click** on the **Create** -> **Objects** link.
![Objects Quick Find]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/1100/search_for_objects.png)  
<br>
**Click** the **custom object** associated with the account (example: MCH_School)
![Click Custom Object]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/1100/click_custom_object.png)  
<br>
Scroll down to "Page Layouts", **click "Edit"** next to the only layout listed.
![Click Edit On Layout]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/1100/click_edit_page_layout.png)  

>Lightning:  
**Type** "object manager" into the quick find / search box.  
![Object Manager Quick Find]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/1000/1.10object_manager.jpg)  
**Click** the **custom object** associated with the account (example: MCH_ED_Account)  
**Click** Page Layouts in the menu.  **Click** **custom object** Layout link.   
![Page Layouts]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/1100/1.102custom_object.jpg)  

>Drag fields from the list to the layout below.  


>Any fields can be selected, however only fields the customer has licensed in their order will be populated.  
{:.alert}
>**Click Save**  

>Repeat these steps for any other custom objects, most likely Contact
{:.warning}
